---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 7
---

<h3>10/11</h3>

<p>The test was actually pretty easy. I don't know exaclty how much I can give away about the test, but if you study
the implementations that we did in class, you should find it pretty easy. Know how all the stuff downing taught works, but don't
stress about memorizing exactly how to write it. If you went to every class, paid attention, and participated in trying to write all the
methods that Downing asked us to, you should be perfectly fine on the test</p>

<p>That being said, we continued to learn things right up until the test itself. I feel like I actually know C++ pretty well by now - we're
using things such as lambdas which I don't even really bother with in my main language (java). Synthatically, I feel confident enough to
say that I'm now somewhat familiar with C++ on my resume (yay, another language!). Just taking this class really makes myself more appealing
to recruiters. Not only am I using git, learning Object oriented programming, and learning a new very useful language, but I'm learning lots of
information directly from people working in the industry itself. Every time somoene comes in and gives a talk, it's very interesting
and it's great to find out more about all the compaines out there to apply for. This class, once again, is mostly a software engineering class or
a C++ course than an Object Oriented Programming class. I feel like I should've been told this beforehand, but it's very useful information to
know regardless.</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Don't worry too much about the test. If you paid attention in class, go over all the implementations that Downing made us do in class. They're
your main means of studying for the test. Also, take a look at the code that downing posted on the schedule - it's very useful to know
how things are supposed to be implemented. You shouldn't have to study too much for this test - it's not extremely difficult.</p>
