---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 13
---

<h3>11/22</h3>

<p>The Game of Life was much easier than the last project. Both projects seem really similar in nature, and figuring out the first
one really makes the second one easier. I took about 16-18 hours on Darwin, and maybe 10-12 hours on the Game of Life. They're both 
structured really similarly, and figuring out the structure for the most part is rather easy.</p>

<p>The material we've started learning in class is easier to grasp now. We're finally learning more about extending classes, what it means to 
make a class abstract, and the different types of bindings available to C++ and Java. This is stuff that I'm more familiar with than
the memory management section that we did earlier, and I feel like this is more of what I hoped to get out of the class at the beginning. 
Eitherway, I definitely learned a lot this semester, and as this class comes to a close, I can say that I enjoyed it overall. Even
though I didn't learn exactly what I expected to coming in, I can now say that I'm at least rather familiar with C++ and I would be rather
comfortable using it in an internship in the future.</p>

<p>On a side note, I'm turning in this blog submission really late (by 4 days or so). It's actually Thanksgiving today, so Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Enjoy this break of having no homework in OOP (while you probably have a billion other assignments in all your other classes like I do).</p>

<p>Enjoy the break!</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the Week! Since this is really Thanksgiving week for me, my tip is to spend time with family and enjoy some great turkey!
And start studying for the second test early. If you're like me, there's lots of material you need to review. Downing certainly covered a lot
in class and I'm sure you don't know all of it off the top of your head.</p>
