---
layout: post
title: CS371p Blog
---

<h3>8/30</h3>

<p>Hi guys! This is my second blog post for CS371p with Downing!

<Downing's first assignment has been rather tricky. It has a lot of requirements that force you to use a lot of third-party software - namely git, travis, and sphere.
The actual project isn't too bad, but give yourself a lot of time to start it anyway. It's early in the smemester, so there shouldn't be too much work in your other classes.
The Collatz Conjecture is quite interesting. I'm in algorithms right now and we're reviewing proofs; I'm actually quite surprised it hasn't been proven yet! I haven't tried to 
solve it myself, and I'm sure that a lot of people a lot smarter than I have have attempted it before, so I'm not going to bother.</p>

<p>The assignment has a lot of steps to it. Downing really guides his students, but there's still a multitude of piazza posts about students getting confused. I guess a lot of us
haven't done something like this before, but previous internsip experience can really help out when working with git and the likes. I estimated that the project would take me around 10
hours, and I think it's going to be close to that. Of course, now that I'm looking back on it, it should probably only take someone around 7-8 hours at most if you actually follow the
directions and ask questions on piazza!</p>

<p>The class seems to be giving us a lot of useful insight to futre work in the job industry. While the actual programming part of the assignment isn't a big deal, learning to
properly use git, creating issues, and running constant builds with incremental checkins is a great learning experience for the workfroce.
Sure, it might seem tiring now, but that's because you're slow at it. I'm assuming that with the skills that I'm learning from this assignment, the next 
assignment might, you know, actually use object oriented programming?</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the week: Start the assignment early! Do the readings ahead of the class- you don't want to miss too many points on the quizzes!</p>
