---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 6
---

<h3>10/4</h3>

<p>Test is coming up soon! I really don't think that it will be bad though. Downing has done an excellent job at explaining all
the material that I think we'll need to know for the upcomming test. Iterators, pointers, and all the readings haven't been too 
bad so far. Admittedly, I haven't taken a look at the textbook yet, but how bad could it be? The test can only have so much 
material over it and everything seems pretty clear to me. I'll let you know how the test goes in my next blog post for sure, 
but for now, I'm not stressing too hard.</p>

<p>If you are worried about the test, be sure to talk to other people in the class. I'm sure that there's lots of other folks 
who are looking for study buddies or groups, and making new friends can really help you find someone with a PDF of the textbook
or even a hardcopy for you to look at.</p>

<p>On another note, I'm glad that we finally started learning some Object Oriented Programming concepts. Iterators, lists, and
vectors are all really useful to know, but we haven't touched on any of the key concepts such as Polymorphism or Inheritence 
quite yet. Maybe those will come along in the future projects or the later parts of the course, but so far, Downing has been focused
pretty heavily on making sure we understand everything there is to know about C++ and its syntax. I guess that's a good thing though.</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the week!: Don't slack off this week even though there's no project due for a while! Use this time to catch up with your
other classes and study for the test. Or heck, go to ACL and have some fun! There's lots of things to do this weekend so don't throw
it away and waste it just because you're not as busy.</p>
