---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 11
---

<h3>11/8</h3>

<p>Oh boy. I've got another sob story about how I didn't do my project early enough... Again... To be fair, the Darwin
project took a lot longer than normal. Most of my previous projects have taken me around 8-10 hours, while this one took me
around 16-17. Had it taken as long as I expected, I would've finished it on time. Guess I can't always get lucky!</p>

<p>So yeah, I'm guessing that from the myriad of other blog posts you've certainly been reading by now, you know to start this project
(and all previous projects!) early. And of course, I'm sure that you're well aware I haven't been following my own advice. It's not fun
working 10 hours on Thursday cramming in the project at the last minute. Some times it works (projects 1-4); sometimes it doesn't (this one).</p>

<p>Anyways, Downing moved onto teaching inheritence and extends. I recall that there was a paper that he discussed much earlier
about not using extends though? It's weird that he's teaching it now, but I'm not complaining since I always like using extends..
Also I always liked using getters and setters but I guess that idea got shot down. Anyways, if you're at all familiar with Java stuff, which I'm sure
most of you are, you should be stepping back into familiar territory again, away from the scary realms of all the weird constructors and descructors, new,
memory allocation, destroys, etc. etc. C++ is an icky language, and it's nice to go back to something that I'm used to again.</p>

<p>Tip of the Week: Really really late tip for this since it's the 4th project in (but I can't think of more creative advice than "make sure you start EXTRA early",
which I've literally given to all the other projects and I'm sure you've heard from other blogs).. But you can close your issues from typing in "fixed #x" in your git 
commits. This will automatically fix issue #x in your repo after merging with master and pushing to the master branch. I'm pretty sure Downing covered this
in class, but I talked to some people and they actually still don't know how to do this. So yeah, you can close your issues through your commits people!!</p>
