---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 10
---

<h3>11/1</h3>

<p>Happy halloween! I hope you didn't party so hard that you completely forgot about your project, but I hope you didn't sit 
inside your room all day doing nothing either! I think that the scariest thing this halloween is the fact that I didn't work on 
the project. Or even look at it. Or coordinate with my partner when to start it. Oh boy.</p>

<p>I talked to someone in class who started on the project a lot earlier. While he's working on the project by himself, he's
pretty smart and he's spent 15 hours on it so far. The fact that I haven't even start the project is it's going to be
a mistake sooner or later, but halloween weekend is not exactly the best time to coordinate working on a project with a
partner. Apparently the project's a little harder than I was expecting so I'm going to have to do the same thing as last time
and cram it in on the last day. Once again, oh boy.</p>

<p>Anyways, Downing brought in another speaker this week and we discussed the project on Monday, so we didn't cover very much
material this week. As a result, I've been focusing on my other classes and tests. I don't really regret any of that, but I just hope
that you make sure you manage your time wisely. If you're pushing off the project at this point, make sure you have everything else
done so you can purely do the project for the last few days. If you don't have everything else done, make sure you start your project earlier.</p>
Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the Week: Pick a partner with compatible times. If you and your partner are both willing to work on the project over the
weekend, then great - you'll have the project done when you're supposed to. If you're both party-harders, then great - you'll both
have a blast over the weekend and cram it in on the last minute. Don't do one or the other though.</p>
