---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 5
---

<h3>9/27</h3>

<p>I took a page out of Downing's book and went to the career fair on Monday, and went to HackTX over the weekend. I think it's definitely 
worth missing a lecture or two of some of your classes in order to help you get a potential internship (internship = money +
better future job = more money + better company). Downing is still mostly going over pointer stuff in class, but I find it really helpful
since I'm not very good at dealing with pointers to begin with. If you're still rusty by the end of this week, make sure to go to downing's
office hours, or talk to some other kids in the class. At least in my section, there's a lot of smart kids in OOP so I don't find it difficult
at all to ask my friends for help (yet another reason to make friends in OOP!).</p>

<p>I'm slightly annoyed at the fact that I didn't manage to finish my program. I tried optimizing the code, and it ran perfectly on all the
acceptance tests that I wrote for it, but it kept on hitting a timeout on UVA. My partner and I spent a few hours trying to debug it, but we
never ended up figuring out why we were hitting an infinite loop. My advice is to run your code against as many acceptance tests as you can. In 
retrospect, I'm sure that if we had ran more acceptance tests we would have figured out the problem.</p>

<p>This is about the time in the semester when things start picking up. Midterms start rolling in, assignments start getting harder, and you're trying
to balance job offers and interviews WHILE trying to make and hang out with new friends all at the same time (connections are very important!).
Make sure you don't get overloaded wtih any of the work that comes up in the rest of your classes too. If you ever feel like you have free time on your hands,
you're doing something wrong. There's so much work to be done in all of your classes, things to program in your free time, and companies to apply for. Manage your
time very carefully in the next couple weeks.</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the week: Kinda goes along with what I said earlier. Make sure to manage your time and start planning out how you're going to spend each day. If your 
schedule is anything like mine, things are getting busy and you're going to struggle unless you can allocate time to each task. Prioritize what you're going to 
do each day, and make a point of finishing what you set out for.</p>
