---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 3
---

<h3>9/13</h3>

<p>I finished up the first assignment that downing gave us earlier this week, and haven't quite started the second. Earlier this week, Downing
brought in a software engineer from Bloomberg, who was quite interesting to listen to. I quite enjoyed the talk that he gave, and it's nice to
see the perspective of someone whose actuallly working in the CS industry. He really helped emphasise what's important in our current college
careers, and overall, was worth paying attenton to. A few points I managed to take away from him: it's okay that you don't know every progrmaming
language; it's okay to be confused about what's going on at work; and it's okay to forget some stuff from college, since a lot of stuff in the real 
job industry is quite different from what we're learning in school. What he said really reflected on my own internship experience too. OOP tries to 
bridge the gap between the theoretical side of class and the practical side of an internship by introducing lots of industry standards, such as git 
and travis, but there's nothing quite like working in an actual internship itself.

We still haven't learned much about acctual object oriented prorgrammming itself yet. It's mostly been a C++ course so far, but I feel like this 
second assignment will be a little more challenging than the first. Honestly, the first assignment was rather simple once you get git, travis, and sphere
set up. Now that I know how to do that, I should be able to do more actual programming this time around instead of just messing around wtih setting up my
code. Also, paired programming should prove to be a useful experience. I have done a little paired programming with other interns and past mentors before,
and the ability to explain your code to another person while they're looking over your shoulder is invaluable. Not only is that useful in the workforce
but it should prove really useful during interviews too, when you're asked to explain what you're doing/what your thought processs is to your interviewer!</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the week: Make sure you check everything in your assignment again before submitting it. I didn't add my html/ folder to my git repository,
so I had to suffer a late grade for my assignment. Easily avoidable mistake!</p>
