---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 14
---

<h3>12/6</h3>

<p>Yay, class is over! This class ended up being harder than I expected. At first I thought I was doing pretty well, but even with doing
well on the projects, I didn't study hard enough for the quizzes. I feel like this kind of class would really benefit the type of
person who is willing to study every day and go over the material that downing says, since quizzes are such a big part of the grade.
Also, I really hope that there is some sort of curve in this class. I talked to some of my other friends in the class who are ranked 
much higher than I am, and it seems like there's only going to be a small handfull of people (maybe like 15 out of 180 or so?) who will
be getting A's. The vast majority of the class will be getting low B's or high C's which is okay, but I just wish that they gave out more
A's.</p>

<p>The test was easy except for one question. I don't know how much I can reveal here since Downing reuses his tests, but the second to last 
question and the third to last question were a killer. They were over something in class that we didn't spend much time over, and I feel like
the implementation wasn't really in the notes for half of those questions. All I'll say is... Just learn how to prevent someone from initializing
a class. That was the hard part for me, and that's where I lost points</p>

<p>Anyway, I'm sure you have lots of other classes to study for. Thank you for a wonderful semester, I really enjoyed Downing's class!</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the Week! There's not much here left to say. If you haven't already taken Downing's class, you should definitely do so. I feel like
I learned a lot of material in class and I'm now confident enough to say that I'm at least "familiar" with C++ on my resume</p>
