---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 8
---

<h3>10/18</h3>

<p>I'm JUST starting my project, and I'm realizing it's kind of late. My partner can't work for a lot of the time and we can basically only meet
to work on it like 2-3 days before it's due. Admittedly it's kind of stressful; for some odd reason, I initially thought that the project was due
the following week, on 10/27 (nope!). Don't start as late as I did.</p>

<p>Regardless, we're learning more implementations in class. If you're just now tuning into my blog and happened to randomly find week 8 first, then great.
I feel like I can give a pretty accurate assessment of the course by now, after having taken (and receiving my grade for) the first test:</p>

<p>During the course, I've learned a lot of good programming practice, not a lot of OOP, and a good amount of C++. Most of the classwork and all of the test
is simply implementing various classes, methods, or functions. You will learn C++. You won't learn (at least not yet) a lot of core concepts for OOP;
inheritence, polymorphism, etc. aren't covered yet in class. Instead, you will learn otehr C++ fun aspects like lambda functions, templates,
and typedefs. Oh, and lots of pointer stuff. So if you're about to take OS or you ARE in OS, this class is honestly a great revision of pointers and
other C++ concepts. Don't expect too much more.</p>

<p>That being said, my review is not negative. You will learn a lot in an engaging class, and I'd really recommend the class
especially if you're a sophmore coming out of 429. If you're a senior or a junior who knows C++, I'd actually consider taking something else. While the class is
useful, it's just not the same if you already got all your low-level stuff out of the way and you're already a pointer ninja.</p>


Lyee Chong

<p>I know you just finished your test and I know you don't have a lot of time to work on your project and that it's weird, but get started early, as
usual. You've had a break up until now to catch up/get ahead in your other classes, so dedicate the 8-10 hours you need and get this project out of the 
way ASAP.</p>
