---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 9
---

<h3>10/25</h3>

<p>Downing's been going over a little bit more complicated concepts in class lately, and I'll admit that I'm not quite as on-top of my
material as I was about all the stuff he taught before the midterm. On the last few quizzes, I started getting a lot more questions wrong 
and I occasionally find myself unsure of what he's saying. Downing tends to talk rather fast at times, but if you keep paying attention and
don't daydream in class (guilty as charged) while he's talking, I'm sure you'll do fine.</p>

<p>The terms and use of methods for allocating memory for different purposes is still weird to me. I keep forgetting which methods get called for objects,
and I feel like there's a lot of things going on at once with them. I really should sit down for a while and go over everything that he's taught
in class in order to finally understand the material, since I feel like this is a big part of the lecture that he's teaching us.
There's a lot of things going on with which methods each type of data structure calls, which methods do what, an determining the breakdown on object
calls.</p>

<p>Although the last project did help clear things up a little bit for me, I remain quite unsure about how the constructor, destructor, new, and delete all fit
into the scope of things. I might stop by office hours to help solidify my ideas of what's really going on.</p>

<p>The new project looks quite interesting. We don't have many instructions on it yet, but I took a look at the concept and it seems rather easy to me. However,
there's no base code out so far and Downing hasn't talked about it in class yet. I'm going to wait to start working on the project until Downing goes over what 
he expects us to do in person.</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the Week: Try stopping by TA office hours if you're not satisfied with your midterm grade. I have a friend in class who got quite a few points back simply 
from stopping by and talking to the TAs about his test.</p>
