---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 4
---

<h3>9/20</h3>

<p>Started working on assignment #2! It's rather interesting so far, and doesn't seem particularly hard. The assignment is also going by a lot 
smoother than the first assignment did, mostly because I'm not worrying about setting up software like Travis, Sphere, dealing with Git, etc.
and instead, I've already done all of those before. Make sure you start somewhat early, but if you're like me, the second assignment does not take
as much time as the first.</p>

<p>In class, we discussed pointers, addresses, and referenes. It was extremely helpful, seeing how I had forgotten the majority of pointer stuff
that I learned before in the grueling semesters of OS and some of Computer Architecture. Make sure you pay lots of attention in class this week, even
if you think you know all of the material. No one ever knows enough about pointers, and I'm sure that you'll learn something from one of the lectures.</p>

<p>Paired programming is pretty interesting. I never pair programmed before (except kinda in OS), since I didn't take classes susch as 314H. It's both faster
and slower at the same time - faster because you have two minds to think about what you need to be doing, working together to form the structure of the code;
slower because you often times find yourself having to explain your thought process, or have yoru partner's thought process explained to you. Most people in OOP
seem pretty smart though - they know it's a hard class, and only people who are wiling to put in the time and effort to make the class work are really in there.
You shouldn't have too much trouble working with someone else in the class.</p>

Lyee Chong

<p>Tip of the week: Try to avoid posting on Piazza for a partner if you can help it. It's best to try to make friends in class so you can figure out how smart
your partner is before hand and make friends with them in person. But if the project has already started and you still don't haave friends in the class, go ahead
and post on Piazza. It's better than nothing.</p>
